"Again, more and more highlighted, everything, all the, every good things, both in the samsara and
nirvana, it comes from the intelligence, the wisdom, every good things in the samsara and in the n
irvana, it works, and to explain of this, the wisdom, then there is again, the first part, how we
started this great intelligence, the wisdom.
This is, again, and in this, again, there is two things, in the good things, in the samsara
goodness and in the nirvana goodness, both, the, the souls of both, both, is best on our
intelligence, our own intelligence, our good.
This is also known as perfect understanding, perfect understanding of the samsara and perfect
understanding of the nirvana natures, also true natures. These are two.
And the first is perfect understanding of the samsara, samsara natures. That means that we are in
the samsara, because the nirvana is, is best on the good, nirvana is best on the good, good will
and the good understanding of the samsara.
So therefore, samsara is where we are now, but because of the, because standing and understanding
the perfect understanding of the samsara natures, then we will reach to the nirvana states, nirvana
states.
So therefore, therefore, and again, so here, the perfect understanding of the samsaras.
If we want, if we don't want the enlightenment, or if we don't want to get also good situation in
samsara, then we don't have to follow these systems, we don't have to follow.
But if we like to have something decent, good things in the samsara, for a mean time, for a while,
or at the first places, and then eventually we like to get good results as nirvana results, then
the first one is we have to really also believe, or we have to follow where the law of the natures
are, where the law of the natures.
Natures are what? Externally. Everything what we do is reflected back to you, that reflect back to
you, or it produces that. Everything that produces, there is nothing escaping.
If there is perfect cause, perfect convictions, the resolve inevitably comes.
This is just logic, this is only sense, understanding. When we plant the seed, there is result
comes, result or the fruit comes, and we take care of that, and there is that will come.
And we don't do, it won't come. And so therefore, with that understanding, standing, we should do
decent, good things.
If we want to be happy, enjoying this lifetime, time, we should do good things, good things.
Because of good, that will bring good result, good result. That is what it says.
So therefore, and then deep down, also law of karmas, and trusting and believing on the law of karm
as.
Karma is something that, of course, there is quite a few different karmas.
Some karmas are old, but immediately you can see in these lifetimes.
Some karmas may be next life, some karmas could take a long time to make sure that, surely, but no
matter how long it takes, it will surely mature, mature to that.
There is no relief to that. But how?
So sense, even though we don't see immediately that result, but the karma, law of karma is so
important to believe.
If we believe in the nirvana, nirvana is what we are not going to get immediately in this lifetime.
Maybe we will get the drone of nirvana, the light of nirvana, nirvana, but not immediately that.
Nirvana, as such as Buddhahood, enlightenment, won't come immediately unless really we are a great
meditator of that.
But if we do good activities, good activities, definitely that will bring the bridal, and the br
idal, and the bridal.
So therefore, this is where, again, I think I should translate it, maybe roughly this, this, but
that.
So again, yeah, maybe, so roughly translation, if we want to get the good things in this lifetime,
in the nirvana, or the higher realization, or the enlightenment,
then definitely we should always be and learn and be, have the good will and trust is that.
And even if you don't have the path of the will and trust is, even if you do good activities in
this lifetime,
since you don't have the good will, really at the best, that won't bear the good result.
It's almost like, it's almost like doing kind of wrong directions, in a way. It really spoils that
entire thing.
So therefore, we should always, always have that. If we can, we have to shoot always good will.
With that good will and good trusty and good belief in the way the spiritual will tell, and then do
the good activity,
it will be more strong because your intention, your action, all are lined up exactly in that
direction.
So therefore, it will be better fruit, good, more result, powerful ways.
That's what this great Master's explain.
And then, the next one.